feat: 13 add new value to application.yml that defines initial request status code regardless what it actually was (#69)
buerokratt/Ruuter: README.md

gradlew -Pprod -Pwar clean bootWar
```

## Configuration
### Final Response status code

> Final response status code can be defined in application.yml. When it is defined all the responses will have that status code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Final response status code can be defined in application.yml. If defined, all final responses by Ruuter will respond with this status code no matter what.

The business value lies in not allowing perpetrators to fish for exceptions, weaknesses, etc in back-end systems via requests from public network.

Nevertheless, applications (including Ruuter's) log files contain actual HTTP response codes, being the appropriate source for debugging, alerting, etc.
```
